hey what up guys this is no balance in
this video I'm going to talk about what
I think the best weapons are in Game bra
busters I'm redoing the video because
last time I did this video I did it
before the patch and now all the damage
has changed so some of the weapons that
previously were good are no longer as
good anymore so I guess I'll just jump
into it so we're looking at the slugger
right here so let's go to all right
let's go to the store of the clip and go
to weapons okay so I previously said the
zebra bat was the best but that's not
really the case anymore um like ice will
start off with continuous fire which is
trainee ball uh I don't think like
continuous fire used to be the best like
but now i'm pretty sure trinity ball is
a lot better just because does so much
damage compared to continuous fire so i
recommend using trinity ball um the
majority people aight aight still 50-50
like people are still trying to figure
out what's the best but I still think
Trinity well is the best even though I
use continuous fire and then time bomb
vs big ball hi mom used to be the best
but now I'm starting to think big ball
is pretty good so like time bomb you
sicced on multiple people stores lots of
people big ball just does loads amounts
of damage so I think it's still 5050
between the bat like if you're doing pvp
I'd say use Trinity ball and then either
time Ballmer big ball but you're doing
boss battle then you're gonna want to go
continuous fire in big ball so yeah it's
basically whatever you think there's not
really the best Locker about anyone
firefighter firefighter is still the
same six shooter is a lot better than
nine tutor so a lot of people have been
using six years till I see a few people
using 92 and then no one really uses
wall so basically i recommend for
firefighter is six shooter because it
does more damage and like the Riddler
about the same range anyways them
there's only maybe local square where
you will have a hard time she can go
across summer and then i'd recommend
six-shooter in mind ball so that would
be either gold lightning or steel pig so
rocker uh I plasma ball is pretty bad
let's look at the 1i have so I use
electric mission because it's amazing it
does a lot of damage it's done more than
one people if one of them people one of
the one person plasma balls is range but
like it's kind of unnecessary it's like
slow and i don't know i don't see it i
don't think i see anybody use possible
and then sonic explosion versus of
carpet sonic explosions is not it's not
really that good like it does a little
bit more damage but you're knocking your
enemy away I've been I've seen a few
people on my team you say like explosion
and I just take them out of my lobby
just because like we've lost games
because they're shooting people away
because it's knock people back all that
your carpet is really good stuns people
and it does a lot of damage I think it's
got a bigger radius than sonic
explosions so I recommend getting purple
v or double screen for this every
everyone uses these two weapons right
here so let's go on to boxing so boxer
is changed it used to be that everyone
use a this weapon right here platinum
flame and it's got the long rocket punch
and then chocolate but now it's I
understand how to rock a bunch is good
because it you can you got a longer dash
and bombing them bombing run ah but I
see a lot of people now using the flame
blub just because you attack faster and
you can overwhelm people with it so uh
it used to be that this was the best but
now I think I see 50 50 now between
these two weapons I think if you're just
starting out the game you'd might want
to start off with this weapon here like
to be on a shockwave an uppercut is
personal preference i think uppercuts
better though but still doesn't they're
not like that big they're not a
game-breaking which are going to choose
um rocket punch so yeah if your sister
out the game I'd recommend this one
right here but if you think your
advanced and you're really good I'd
start saying using the flame Lotus it
seems like it's really I see a lot of
good players using it huh and then
Blitzer straight up everyone just uses
black X first our bouncy ball sucks and
bursting pillar sucks earthquake is
really good and a touchdown just those
extremes a month like just so much
damage so yeah I guess I'll do a recap
you guys really want Slugger either your
shoes trick it's basically whatever
weapon you want because there's not
really the best anymore for this you
gotta use gold lightning or still big
this everyone uses purple beer they'll
scream this it's really between gusts
platinum flame and then flame love I say
beginners use these and if even experts
can use these two but like if you really
think you're really like a good
connection that you're good at turning
your mouse I'd say you try using Flame
gloves like you can get to you can get a
huge advantage using that and then but
Sir just black X all these other weapons
suck and that's it for what I think the
new best weapons are